Migrate to upgrade (#449)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/network/benefits.mdx

Curating signal on a subgraph is an optional one-time, net-zero cost (e.g., $1k in signal can be curated on a subgraph, and later withdrawn—with potential to earn returns in the process).

> Some users may need to update their subgraph to a new version. Due to Ethereum gas fees, an update costs ~$50 at time of writing.

Reviewer: Do we want to update to mention Arbitrum?

> Some users may need to update their subgraph to a new version. Due to Ethereum gas fees, upgrades cost ~$50 per update at time of writing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some users may need to update their subgraph to a new version. Due to Ethereum gas fees, it costs ~$50 per update at time of writing.
```
